

AntView Eclipse plug-in
------------------------------------
An eclipse plug-in to run ANT build file targets from within the IDE. 

Release Notes
-----------------------
2002.10.30
	Integrated Ant View into Eclipse repository
2002.09.05
    Release Candidate 2.2.6
    Fixes: 
      1) Tree View errors on build files with custom task/path requirements
      2) executing run with no targets selected now produces a log message 
2002.08.15
	Release 2.2.5
	Fixes:
	  1) Preferences take immediate effect on apply or ok.
	  2) Ant classpath inheritence fixed via R2.0 AntRunner class.
	  3) Project topsort no longer generates debug/LogC Console output
	  4) Problem using JDK 1.4.0_01 and Ant 1.5 corrected.
	Features:
	  1) Target filter - Filter visible targets based on target description attribute.
	  2) Added identification of target execute children. 
	      e.g. select a target and all other targets that would be executed 
	      that have not already been selected will be indicated by a '*'
      3) Alternate Ant build file name. Configurable via preferences page, 
              default is build.xml 
      4) Ant build file parsing errors appear in viewer tree. 
              Identified with red icon and error description node with line number.
      5) Target node labels are configurable via preferences page. 
              a) Target name
              b) Target description attribute
              c) Both
      6) Ant execution is via Eclipse 2.0 AntRunner class with Progress dialog.
              This configures ant classpath from Eclipse Ant Core preferences page with 
              Eclipse Ant Core tasks and types. 
      7) Viewer will now display an error node instead of a blank viewer when 
              no build files are found. 

2002.07.15
     Release 2.0.1
     Fixes:
       1) eclipse.running property set for ANT build
       2) supports project directory outside of eclipse home
     New Features:
       1) project node labels now have the option of being 
             a) directory location, 
             b) project name attribute, 
             c) both
       2) preference page to modify project node labeling.
 
2002.07.05
     Release 2.0.0
     Rewrite to Eclipse R2.0 IDE
     Removed Log4J requirement
     Added Ant Target dependency and target execution information
     Change Ant output from R1.0 AntConsole to R2.0 LogConsole
     Removed preferences page

2002.05.31 
     Functional release 1.2.5
     
Installation
-----------------
1) Unpack the distribution file in the 'plug-ins' directory of your eclipse installation. 
2) Launch eclipse

Usage
-----------
Activate View
   1) From eclipse menu select: 
           Window -> Show View -> Other
       This will bring up the View Selection Dialog
   2) From View Selection Dialog select:
            External Tools -> AntView

Run Ant Target(s)
    o The AntView is a tree, with the top level being the project/directory of the Ant Build file
        and the sub-items being the Targets. 
    o A target can be selected (double-click), the order the targets are run is 
       displayed next to the  target when selected. To deselect  a target, double-click again. 
    o To run all selected targets, select the 'running man' icon on the view tool bar or the 
         right click menu in the view. 
    o To clear all selections (reset), select the 'eraser' icon on the view tool bar or the 
         right click menu in the view. 
    o To Refresh/Reload Ant Build files, select the 'circular arrows' icon on the view tool bar
        or the right click menu in the view. 
    o To change the display level output of the Ant build process, select the 'down triangle' 
         then the 'Display level' menu option or use the right click menu in the view. 
    o Open target item to see additional information on target dependiencies and execution order.    


